I don't know which one to say first.
Okay, by withstanding the wildest of rebukes.
and still been around in the system pooling.
I said, it wasn't you.
The wildest of what?
Rebukes.
Then Peter took him and began to rebuke him.
That's rebuke Jesus.
Be it far from me.
Lord, this will not be unto thee.
But he turned and said to Peter, get thee behind me.
Satan, ha!
That was an offense unto me.
For thou saver has not the things that be of God, but those that be of man.
Have all the disciples heard it when Jesus tend to Peter and say, Satan!
Some of you would have said, I resigned from this organization.
That's the end.
I'm living.
Anyone who cannot be shouted out, you see?
They can't shout.
Why did they shout at me?
Not even my father has not shouted on me before.
Because your father was a very cool flagmatic.
He wasn't into correcting things.
That's why your father has never shouted on you before.
And you need some good shouting, proper shouting, and you need some backing.
You need to be shaking.
That's what you need.
Yes.
Rock you.
Is that you are resigning?
Stupid.
That's why we've been taken about to last you.
The shouting is to mellow you.
To prepare is to mellow.
After Peter was called settle, I think he didn't talk again till.
It was only at the supper that he said that he would never deny crisis.
And then again, again, it was getting bad.
Yes.
Look, you must realize that your parents are human beings.
So parents are also not good, some parents are not good at parenting.
You don't know how you would be like.
You may be a good Christian but a poor parent.
Yes, maybe a poor parent.
Maybe you may be bad at parenting.
Yes.
I met her sister the other day.
Her mother is very good at making shito.
Yes.
She has never made one before.
Now there's somebody who is grown up, developed, fully developed.
She cannot make one teaspoon of sit-up for you.
Maybe the parents is good at making sit-up but not good at training her daughter how to make sit-up.
Yes.
So many times you don't get from the house what you should get.
Some of you need some court sex lashes on your bottles, which will lead you to swollen bomb bombs.
Yes.
And you never had it.
And it is in charge, you are going to get that.
Yes.
We don't like in charge, but sometimes maybe we should.
I know we should vote and see whether we should start laughing.
Let us all accept that some things that we should have gotten from home.
We didn't get it.
Yes.
You didn't get your parents did their best, but, Charlie, that's some things.
They didn't get it.
Yes.
Maybe there was no even father to even say that.
You didn't get what you do.
Yes.
You go out, you come when you want.
There are some houses by nine o'clock.
The gate is locked.
You are coming at one time.
It must be joking.
Nine o'clock.
Seven o'clock.
Yes.
The dogs are out.
High walls.
There are some houses with high walls.
Your house didn't have it.
You didn't even have it house.
That's the first point.
And then there are high walls.
You have to climb over the wall if you come late and drop down without breaking your legs.
Yes.
You haven't had a parent who says to you, okay.
Okay.
From now, no more this.
You are on your own.
Do what you want.
You haven't seen it before.
Huh?
That's why you are some way.
And that's why everything that is said, you argue, said, and nobody has told me that before.
If my father hasn't, your father hasn't did it because he should have, but he didn't.
Yes.
You deserve it many times to be stopping your tracks.
Stop there.
Stop that rough day now.
True or not true?
Some of you don't smile because your father never told you smile.
Yes.
Some of you have hunchbacks.
You see, there are different types of backs.
Some of you have hunchbacks because of how you sit.
You be sitting and no one to sit up.
Sit up straight.
Don't slouch.
Yes, don't sit like this.
Nobody said it, they just watch you.
Do whatever.
And you've grown up as a bush, whatever.
True or not true?
Now you come to church and you hear Satan.
Get behind me.
And you say you are resigning.
No, you're not resigning.
We are staying in it.
We'll be blasted.
We'll be told.
Somebody tells you nonsense.
No one has used that word nonsense on me before.
Since I was born, no one has used that nonsense.
It used to have been used many times.
You know that some things you will never get it until it's set clearly.
A lot of things are like that.
You don't get it until it's set clearly.
So, dear friends, whatever blastings you can go through, suckings, everybody I suck, I watch them after I suck them.
I've sucked so many people.
Most of them reworked for me.
Yes, I've done some time.
Yes, but I watched the last second one, I started watching it.
So I'm saying the face has changed, attitude has changed.
You all, you do your math.
Because the second may be the only way of rebuking you.
Because you know more talking can work, but you have to be sacked.
Yes.
And that strong language that you have should not tip you off to the deep end and make you some way.
Here, when we started singing, we had stars.
We had so many stars.
I thought I'd call them and say, look, we love you.
But you are not a star.
You're not a star from today.
And some of them, you just watch this appear.
We used to have stars.
I don't know if not all of them are visible.
They used to sit in the front here.
If I suck you from being a star, that doesn't mean you shouldn't sit here.
Some people to be told you're not saying.
It's like you've humiliated me.
Well, I didn't get selection.
I didn't get selection, first selection.
And your attitude changes.
One day I had a pastor who used to sit on the second rule here.
He used to sit on the second rule.
God forbid it should affect you.
I used to sit on the second row.
And one day I called him, I said, you can't just come to check once for one service and be called a pastor.
It must at least come for more.
Really?
I never saw him on the second row again.
He moved straight to the back.
And from the back, he moved out of the church.
Amazing, isn't it?
So brothers and sisters, any kind of blasting when it is coming and it's hot, just say that this storm will also pass, it will pass, it will pass soon, it will pass.
to pass soon.
This one will just pass.
I'll be okay, cry, I'll be okay.
Yes.
Sometimes it's just a test.
To see.
One day one of my children was misbehaving.
I took a boat and I lost him.
And afterwards the face changed.
And the face was angry.
And I called him and I said, come.
This one is for your face.
And I, yes.
So let the face go.
And the face treating.
and said, yes, when I beat you, you must be happy.
If you are not happy, then stop the wrong fool.
Some of you never had that.
Yes, never had that.
So you are really some way.
And when you marry, you see the problems you have, work for big.
Yes.
A brother, you can't do nothing at all in the house.
Like, okay, well, actually, you don't do anything at all.
You have made yourself like a male lion, who sleeps the whole day 23 hours and walks around for only one hour.
Lion King.
Well-rested lion.
No.
First love brothers, they are active in the house.
They notice.
First love brother should be able to make some stew here and there.
She'll be able to clean the kitchen, make the place nice.
And first love brother, don't let us down.
Don't let us down.
a well-rested lion who does can do nothing.
Oh, tell you about this first level.
We don't, we are the first love brothers.
Keep the standards.
You can go to the market.
Bisham Saki and I used to go to the market all the time.
When you see him, you can ask him.
Where's to go practically?
Buy things.
Go and buy.
food stops and bring the two of us.
Nobody has sent us.
We are just zealous to do things nicely in the house.
And some of you
Now, but while you don't lift your little right finger, you don't do anything.
You don't also bring money.
You don't help.
You are just there.
Well rested.
So before you see Peter climbing the pulpit to become ready to preach the gospel, he has been through serious things that have straightened him out.
Yes.
One guy came to see me and said, I'm an architect.
I said, really?
You are an architect.
Okay?
I want to work for God, I say, you are sure.
Architect, come.
And I took him to the site.
After some time, he said, no.
The work that we are doing is not an architect's way.
It's not an architect's way.
Yes.
It's not an architect's work.
But who's work is it?
Who's work is it?
It is not an architect, but who's work is it?
And he ran away.
Up until today, I don't know where he is.
When you come and you start, that's what makes you ready to preach.
If you don't know, I'm telling you.
Yes, preachy.
That's what prepares you, mellows you, matures you, when you stand to preach.
This person was standing, I said, be as betrayed before, he has been blessed, he has been called, said, and was, said, okay, today, Jo out, chapter two, they said, no, he has been called, said, and before.
He has been called, said, as he's standing there.
It's not a small thing.
Number four.
Preparation by overcoming invisible pride.
Peter answering and said unto him, though all men shall be offended.
Because of thee, yet will I never be offended.
Man 3, 26, 33.
Though what all men shall be offended because of it, yet will I never.
So the next step in your mellowing is overcoming the invisible pride.
Now there are two ways to see pride which is invisible.
One is in your language, all men
All others.
But all men, compared with you, you'll be better off putting yourself as an all men than saying, although all men, all of them didn't do this, me, no.
You see, if everybody doesn't communicate, you should assume that you will not communicate.
Rather than saying, although all men don't communicate, I will communicate.
You hear what I'm saying?
You should rather say, don't all men know, I am sure that is how I also am.
So I need to work on it.
But you said, don't all men be offended.
You said, don't all men be offended.
I'm sure, also be offended.
Jesus help me.
I said, don't all men.
No, no, no, no.
What's happening to all men?
Me?
I'm strong in the sprucks.
I'm strong in the spurts.
Rather, I have to say, oh, man, I'm in it.
There are some people when I say, bro, how many brothers like girls?
You just be looking at me, you know what I'm like.
When most of the brothers believe you, be saying, oh, man, like girls, me, I don't have that feeling.
We are sorry.
Yes.
And then, another word you can see that shows your invisible pride is the word never.
Never.
Why don't you rather say, may God give grace?
Never, it will never.
I mean, I'll never, never.
The word never in all men.
Never, I'll never do this.
I'll never be this.
I'll never.
When I say all girls behave like this, instead of just saying, oh, Jesus, help us girls.
You say, what about the brothers?
What about the brothers?
How do you play table tennis with preaching?
When I say, oh, man, immediately say, I am one.
That's it.
I am in it.
I am directly in the preaching directly.
What he's saying, it is me.
If you say, girls don't like batting.
They say, oh, girls may not like batting.
But I, I am a batter.
If you'd rather say, Jesus, help me.
You are more likely to be in the all, all men.
I am more likely to be among all men.
How all men are, it's more likely how I will be.
You are also more likely to be how all men are.
If all men feel sleepy during all nights, you are likely to feel sleepy during all nights.
I would prefer that you rather say,
I will sleep during the honors, so I need to do this or do that or whatever, because I know myself.
Yes.
Are you there?
Never.
I will never leave you.
I will never be destroyed.
I will never say this.
Please don't say that.
Pray for yourself rather than using that word, never.
And then when you come, P.I.
yourself, when you do what?
Come, P.I.
yourself.
Aye!
You say, oh, man, except me, me, Peter, all of this people are offendable.
These are all offendable.
So you need to be killed of a pride, which makes you different from marriage.
You don't need my son, I'm okay.
Sorry, sorry for, yeah, I put that pressure on me to marry, I don't need to, I don't know why in the chat there.
I apologize to you, I'll never, sorry if you can't say it since we are putting pressure.
He said we are putting pressure on you.
Sorry.
That's a frang, sorry.
Just speaking times.
You just, but the frang, you continue speaking in times.
But he looks so spiritual, don't all men need minds like he did.
He doesn't have a beloved, he doesn't have anything, he's just there.
Are you sorry?
We are sorry, we are sorry.
says sisters will need their beloveds.
Oh no, this is always talking about beloved, sister need their beloved and whatever this I mean.
What was that?
Oh no, all sisters need beloved.
I mean, I'm okay.
My life is all right.
I'm losing that.
We are sorry, we are sorry.
Who is that?
Audra.
I like she's starting to say thank you.
It's not like the la veg and those things.
We are sorry, we are with envy, we are sorry.
Just take it that you are an ordinary all-men.
All girls, all boys, that's how I am.
May God have mercy, and may God save me, and may God help me, and let me organize myself so that I am kept rather than I'm more special.
Since feeling special is where you see the pride.
Yeah.
Feeling special is where you see the pride.
For me, I'm a monkey.
You know you're right.
You know.
Yeah.
So there is a certain maturing and mellowing for seeing evil is one of the preparation to foresee evil.
See, this is coming.
Yeah.
Are you there?
Hmm.
How many do you have?
Four.
Number five.
I don't know which one I should tell you.
Okay, preparation by developing compassion.
Mark 6 verse 34.
And Jesus, when he came out so much people and was moved with compassion.
Because they were what?
As sheep, not having a shepherd.
And he began to teach them many things.
And when the day was now fast spent, his disciples came unto him and said, this is a desert place.
For the time is fast past.
That's 36.
Send them away.
That they may go into the country, run about into the villages and buy themselves bread.
But they have nothing to do.
And he answered, give them to eat.
And they said, shall we go and buy 200 pennies worth of bread?
Now this one, he didn't mention Peter specifically, but as the leader, he must have been there.
You hear what I'm saying?
Yes.
Now, when Jesus is having compassion, disciples are saying send them away.
Send them away.
Send them.
You see, send them mentality and send people away.
It shows that you have not yet, you are not yet prepared.
But because until a lot of people is in your heart,
You will always say, send them away.
Send them away.
Let them go.
And people that work around, the men of God, that's how they are.
Send them away.
Go, go, go, go.
Go and find something to eat.
Wow, Jesus is saying, come.
Who is that?
They're hungry.
They miss something.
Oh, what are they?
The people that are around say, oh, shut them.
It's busy.
You can't see you.
No, no, no, no, not today.
You have an appointment.
Sorry.
Bye bye.
Try next week.
Yeah.
So until a feeling comes into your heart, you are not ready for ministry.
Ministry is done with feelings.
Jesus was moving compassion when he saw the people.
No, he was sorry for all of them.
You know, I always remember some years ago there was a bishop.
He came from America Bishop Blake.
He came with a team of black Americans or African Americans as they call them, African Americans.
He came with a whole lot of them from America to Ghana.
So when he came, he was received at the VIP.
And he was being escorted to his car to be taken away as a VIP.
VIP means very important person.
When he was escorted to the car, he said, no.
Where are my people?
He said, which people?
I kept with people.
Where are the people?
I said, I need to.
I need to know whether they are OK.
So, but this your cousin, no, no, no, no, no, no, please take me to the place where the people are.
Then he left his car and every executive thing that had been made for him, went to see where his people were with their backs, went to look for the other American people that he brought from his church, to see their backs, whether they got their backs, they got their backs, they got where they are going, everything is okay.
And he didn't mind us at all.
as he was caring for his people, that after he has looked after them, said, okay, well, you said we are going somewhere, so let's go to the somewhere.
That is a person, that's why he has a big church.
That's why he has a big church, because he's not just an executive, but he cares about the people that he's the leader of.
But as the other groups send them away, send them, send them now.
How did you say we are tired?
Yes.
One day we had an all night and I finished.
I was going home around.
It must have been maybe in the afternoon after the all night.
I was still around.
But when I came and I saw somebody, I'd come all the way from the north.
I said, all these people have come all the way to see me, say, yeah, they came.
I said, I return.
I said, restart, reopen the office.
Let's restart.
Yes.
So I restarted.
I rebooted.
Somebody goes away.
I had land hands on 12,000 people.
Here, I land hands on 12,000 people.
finished lay hands on everybody, then had so many meetings.
And when I was going, I saw, I said, no.
Let's go.
They've come to see me.
I don't know who they are.
They are very important people.
Let's go back, reopen, and we restarted for another one or two hours.
Yes.
Somebody may find it upset, but you'll be surprised.
But that's Jesus' heart.
Yeah.
If you don't have the heart, you can never do well in ministry.
When you look at the people, it's not just feeling less messages.
When I'm preaching, do you feel that I love you or I'm just saying, I mean, like, wets.
Like this type of English wets, salads that have been joined together with salad cream.
Salad cream with the wets.
To make the wets smooth.
So send them away.
It's different.
But when God starts to work on you, you start to have a feeling.
Yes, you start to have a feeling.
You don't just talk with yourself.
Me, one of them, when I advise some young ladies, I advise them to marry, they don't listen.
When I see them sometimes suffering later, I have to turn my eyes away because I feel
I feel it.
I can't stand it when people are struggling.
Sometimes they are not doing what is right.
They are now struggling in something.
I don't enjoy it.
There is no parent who will ever say, you see, I was right.
You see, I was right.
And so what?
Number six, overcome, prepare by recovering from your disloyalty.
From what?
Your disloyalty.
Now, do you know that Matthew 26 verse 69, now Peter sat outside the palace and a young girl came and said, that was also with Jesus of Galilee.
But he denied before them all saying, I know not what thou says.
And when he was going out into the porch, another maid saw him and said unto him, this fellow was also with Jesus.
And he denied with an oath.
I don't know the man.
And after a while, came on him that stood by and said, surely, that was one of them.
For I speech, betrayed thee.
And he began to guess.
And to swear, saying, I know not the man.
and immediately the cock crew.
The cock what?
Crew.
The cock crew.
So as you are preaching the gospel, you have been disloyal.
You say, you don't know him.
Well, liar.
You know, we are sin as well.
Hm.
You are a liar, you are a traitor, a betrayer.
You see, you get it.
You are swearing, huh?
And you say, you don't know, you don't know, you don't know, you don't know Christ.
You are working on the water with Him.
We're raising Lazarus from the dead.
You are saying all men, something all men, never never never all men.
Now you are swearing.
You know, I want to say that all of us have these loyalties within us.
Maybe you haven't been tested.
Maybe one day if you are tested, you see that you'll be some way.
What do you think?
Yes.
But one of the things is
that prepares you is to come back from those things.
You see, Judas didn't come back.
He said, I don't want to meet anybody.
I don't want any discussion.
I don't want to see people.
But Peter said, look, I said it.
I'm just talking to people.
Am I over?
As he was pre...
I just don't know Jesus.
Maybe they put it on Facebook.
The man who say he doesn't know Jesus
Today he's standing there.
Three times, he doesn't know Jesus.
Wow.
It's a serious thing, isn't it?
Yeah.
Very serious.
So the point I'm trying to make is that we are all some way.
You need to know how to come back.
Everybody say, I'm coming back.
Amen.
There used to be a group called come back.
Incorporated, come back.
Cadence, you people used to sing a song.
He said, come home, isn't it?
Come home, come home, yeah.
Sit down, sit down on the chair.
Sit down on your chair, just right here.
Yeah, you just say, so come home, sing it.
Softly and tenderly, Jesus is calling you.
And earnestly patiently, Jesus is calling you.
Oh, He is saying.
And all that He wants you to do is come home.
Come home.
Come back home.
How to recover?
Tell somebody how to recover.
He's standing there preaching.
He's somebody who recovered.
Wow, are you going to recover?
Come on home, my friend.
Some of the best preachers are come back.
Preachers, come back, preachers.
Receive it.
You are a comeback man.
You came back.
But when you come back home, God is gonna fix it for you.
And all he is said,
Which I like Peter three times.
He's some of the best preachers.
The Fastie behind your list.
He was a comeback man.
you have.
Only six.
Number seven, personal revelation.
And Simon Peter answered and said, Dawa the Christ, the son of the living God.
You must have a personal revelation.
Amen.
Of Jesus.
Some of you have a revelation based on Andrew.
But you must graduate to have your own personal revelation of God.
Thank God for Andrew who brought you into the system.
But that comes the time when Jesus was asking you, who do you think?
What do you say?
That's your test.
That is your great test.
What do you really say yourself?
Amen.
If I was not alive, would you save God?
Try that test and see.
If I was not alive.
Don't be thinking I would not be alive.
You may not be alive.
You may be the one who is not alive.
I don't know why you always think that I may not be alive.
Think of yourself.
But if you imagine it, if I was not alive, what would you do?
Would you save God?
How would you serve him?
That shows your personal revelation.
So if Andrew was starting the system, would you?
How would you do Peter?
Are you here because of Andrew?
Or you personally, you know Jesus and have your own personal flow.
So that's why Jesus has, look, forget about what people are saying.
You, what do you think?
They say you are the Christ.
You need the personal, that's what I believe.
or you are the Christ.
Even when he said, I will show you the Messiah, but it needed to have his own personal revelation.
Yes.
My best friend, you know, I used to go everywhere with him.
We parted company because he went to another secondary school and I went to another secondary school.
When he went for the first day in the school, you know, he's a little fair type of like a nice
guy or person, when he got to the school, the guys were sitting down smoking and said, hey, Charlie, hey, hey, hey, listen, a new copper has arrived.
Do you know what is a copper?
Yeah, it's like a guy.
Oh, Charlie, man, you can't sit down.
And they said, oh, just trust my partner for visitation.
Prayer, everything.
When they called him to sit down,
He couldn't say that, Charlie, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be,
The next time I saw him, some years, he gave me his photo album.
I went to look for him.
I said, brother, why?
He gave me his photo album.
I said, I know what you, you say the scripture, because he knew everything.
You say the scripture that he gave me an album to show all his bad things that he does.
He had photographs of everything.
He said, look at it so that you know where I am.
And I know the scripture, you are going to quote this scripture.
You say that he quoted, because he was good at scriptures.
Just being separated from him for school.
That was his end.
How about you?
If Andrew goes, will you stay?
Wow.
I used to hear, you don't like this part of the message.
Ask your neighbor, tell him, who is your Andrew?
Like, who is Andrew brought you to the system?
Ask your neighbor.
Who is your Andrew?
Don't look at my face.
Ask your neighbor who is your Andrew.
Huh.
They are not asking.
Yes.
You are going to be the next Peter.
Don't be worried about all your trials.
So, Charlie, how many relatives are Peter?
Charlie, he really?
And by the time he was standing there with the first evangelist in the world,
I mean, Thalia has been called Satan.
He has been a liar and deceived that traitor.
Invisible pride.
I mean, it's a bad thing that you can't think like I have been to a person.
This loyalty, everything.
But he was a fast.
Ready for preaching.
By the time we are ready, see that you and I, you are cool.
You are what?
Melo.
What's the meaning of the word Melo?
Melo, Melo, Melo.
Check Melo, you people.
Check Melo.
Ooh, sober, calm, ready for God.
It's time to defeat everybody.
I gave you 7 points.
You said you wanted 7 points.
The 8 points will take us to 1 AM.
Yeah, that's actually the main point, the eighth point.
Who has found what it means to be mellow?
Uh-huh, put it up, let's see.
Soft or tender by reason of ripeness.
Well matured and softened by years.
Warm by liquor.
Hmm?
Easily wet or penetrated, not hard or rigid.
I've seen it.
Easily wet or penetrated.
Subdued.
Where is subdued?
Yeah, not as subdued.
Soft, sound color, flavour style.
When you are facing somebody for being a liar, you remember your own.
Say it softly, because you know.
How many times did you tell a lie that you say, don't know Jesus?
How many times?
So just take it coolly.
As you are shouting at somebody and saying nonsense, this and that.
And I say, Charlie, take it with time.
It's a matter of taking your time.
Let your hands, Jesus,
Kamashota gets a part of the ability to build a mandala baba.
Thank you for your blessing today.
Thank you for the preparation of the gospel.
Mambasantala makabalande.
Te garema shandala makubara deli mama mandala baba.
Oh yes, oh yes, thank you.
I'm calling
Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana Ramana
Jesus!
Father, thank you for this blessing.
Anyone here who feels that you are just like Peter in the ministry preparation
I want you to just come.
I want to pray with you.
All right.
Lift your hands.
It's okay, just stay where you are, wherever you are.
Today, the Holy Spirit is saying to you, you will recover.
You will recover.
what you couldn't lay hold on in the days of your training and the days of your preparation.
Because of your preparation and because of the things you have been through, you will be even more qualified, more mellowed,
more humble to carry the grace and the glory, the grace and the glory, the grace and the glory, the grace and the glory.
under the blood, under the blood, all your disloyalty, under the blood, all your confusion, under the blood, all your mistakes.
For says the Lord, you are a man of recovery.
A man under training.
A man being prepared.
Be mellowed.
Be matured.
Be made to foreseeable.
Be made to be ready for a special task.
Faketaloce y van never mucho bele de rekepele de de de.
You'll never be called barren and fruitless in the kingdom.
Thanks, Jesus.
May you lay hold.
I see you standing in front of 3,000 people, preaching to them, preaching to them.
Ask Peter.
stood before 3,000 and 3,000 were saved on that day.
Receive the power to stand before 3,000.
Thousands of thousands going forth with glory.
Receive the power.
It's flowing.
Mistakes are being corrected in the Spirit.
Take it.
Strength.
Shikata Saba.
All those of you over here, lift your hand, receive.
Something is coming over you now.
Take it.
Glory and grace is falling on you now.
Shaky tapa, shakotaka, shaky tapa, receiving in the name of Jesus.
Tama, tomelege, those of you over here, lift your hands.
May you be empowered to stand before thousands.
Receive the power of God right now.
Yes, it's flowing.
It's flowing.
The power of God is on you.
Receive it.
Receive grace.
Receive.
Over here.
Receive it now.
Recovery.
Implantation of the seed.
Take it.
Receive.
Receive it.
Take it.
It's flowing.
Jesus.
Lift your hands over here.
Power.
Power from one high.
Taking a deep breath and receive.
receive the wind, the wind, the wind, the wind.
Take it now in Jesus' name.
of you on this side lift your hands something is coming something is coming something is coming something is coming taking a deep breath and receive receive it receive it receive it receive it here receive it now receive it now receive it now receive it now receive it now receive it now
Come back home, come back home, receive it now.
Come back, come back, come back, come back, come back home, receive it now.
Come back, come back, come back, come back, come back, come back, come back home, receive it now.
Come back, come back home, receive it now.
Come back home, receive it now.
Come back
Jesus.
Lift your hands, all of you here.
Now, taking a deep breath and receive the Holy Ghost right now.
Flow!
One, two, three, receive it in the name of Jesus.
All of you, take it.
It's flowing.
Yes, yes, that's the power of God.
For those who believe in it, you are receiving a touch from the Spirit.
Those who believe in it are receiving a touch
You are receiving a touch, you will never be the same.
Receive it now.
Yes.
Over here, lift your hands.
What you didn't have before?
It's coming on you now.
Father, fill everyone.
Taking a deep breath.
Receive the Holy Ghost.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Power, power.
I hear the wet power.
Receive power now.
Now, one, two, three.
Receive it in the name of Jesus.
Oh yes.
Put your hand on your belly.
Out of your belly shall flow.
Rivers.
Put your hand on your belly.
Out of your belly.
There are 90.
It's coming out of your belly.
Now fattach.
Tasha fish at us Santa Fe received receive it receive it
Listen, by the time God finishes with you, you know, when the argument came about who will be the greatest, you never had Peter in that group of discussion.
Never had that Peter was arguing that he would be the greatest because he was already small.
Lift your hand.
Even though you are not in the race,
Even though you are not in the race.
Receive the power to be in the race and include it now.
But Kalosha, La Krupa, Cressite, Deshevela, those on this side.
Receive it, Jesus, what?
Spirit of power.
All of you here.
Lift your hands.
Close your eyes.
Receive the Holy Ghost right now.
Receive the Holy Ghost.
All of you here.
It's changing you now.
It's changing you.
It's changing your status.
It's changing who you are.
It's changing your failures into success.
It's changing your nothing to something.
It's changing what you are not into what you shall be.
Receive it in the name of Jesus.
Makaluma, santara, makapara, nala.
Ho ho yaka.
Everybody in the hall, lift your hands.
Power of the Holy Spirit is here.
Oh, yes.
I see a lady here.
God is touching you.
You are not considered important.
But God is making you important.
Receive it now.
Whoever you are.
Take it.
Casa Toma Cala.
Tecola Mecca Tabulacatebe.
Palle Cucosane bacca palanero.
You are made greats.
You are made greats by the Holy Spirit, by the power.
the Holy Spirit, not Fratash, not Tebelecosa, not Tebelecosa, Matékalebe Coplicosa, Taekene Máchisos, Sandamách.
All of you here lift your hands.
I want you to say thank you to God right now.
Everyone lift your hands.
Jesus, I thank you for this dose in this section.
Yes, as I receive the spirit right now, receive the power of the spirit right now.
Yes.
Receive the spirit.
Receive, lift your hand and receive in the corner, everywhere.
Receive the, nobody's touching you, but the power of God is on you.
What?
Receive it two.
Receive it three.
No, in the name of Jesus.
Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes, oh yes, oh yes.
Yes.
Now everybody everywhere with your two hands lifted up, just by the count of three,
I'm going to breathe on you and I want you to breathe in and receive the Spirit everywhere in this form.
One, everybody, just everybody now.
Two, and three, receive.
Receive.
Power I see from heaven, from heaven is coming, from heaven, from heaven is coming.
I'm writing you, I'm writing your ministry, I'm writing your life, I'm writing you.
Receive it.
Shushah.
Shubalen.
Receive it from heaven, from heaven, directly from God.
Receive it is I'm writing you.
It's I'm writing you with power, with love, with a sound mind.
Thank you.
He and she, that was considered unwavy.
You are now made wavy by the power of the blood, and by the mighty Holy Spirit that is upon your life.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
You may go back to your seat gently, quietly.
Let's leave the people on the floor.
Thank you, Holy Spirit, for your presence.
How many feel that the Holy Spirit from Heaven is on your life?
Yes.
Thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Now, if you are here, you are not born again.
You are not a born-again Christian.
You don't know Jesus as your Savior.
Lift up your hand like this and go to pray for you.
If you've lived in your home, come.
You want to give your life to Jesus.
I want to pray with Him.
If you're here, like that, come.
You are here, you know, God has called you to serve Him.
But He says, I should tell you that He's going to give you enough money to be in the ministry.
You shouldn't be afraid.
You shouldn't be afraid to serve Him because of money.
Don't let money guide you.
He owns the fishes in the sea.
that cuts along the thousand hills.
He has the power over everything.
And he decides life is in his hand.
There's somebody like that.
Who is that?
Come to me.
There's somebody like that.
Wondering money.
Yeah.
You feel the ministry.
It's done here.
Money, you feel, it's a problem.
Okay?
It's fine, it's fine.
Lift your hands.
Take the money.
Take it now.
Receive it.
Everything you need.
May you receive it.
May you have it.
Thanks.
Everybody lift your hands.
Everyone in front here may the provision start arriving in your life financially in the name of Jesus Christ.
Go back to your seats.
Give me an offering basket.
Now, I feel there is somebody here who would like to show a seat of 1,000 cities.
When we come to the offering,
It becomes even more spiritual.
This morning, we prayed for so many hundreds of people to receive the Holy Spirit.
And God is also changing something financially.
Anybody here touched by the Spirit want to see a seed of 1,000 cities.
This is the basket.
Come now.
I'm standing here.
Put the basket up here.
What a blessing.
Ten people, ten people like that.
Amen.
Ten people.
And so I see the 500 cities coming to it right away.
One so I see the 100 cities very quickly, very, very quickly.
If you do it on your phone, you need to do it and bring your phone here.
I want to see the 50 cities coming so it now.
And we are about to close.
Come once the Anointan is here so that your life will be blessed.
I don't have 50 cities, but I want to give 20 cities.
Come right away.
Beautiful.
Father, thank you for the blessing for your people as we give special seat tonight.
Special, special seat.
Special, special seat tonight.
In the name of Jesus.
in the name of Jesus.
20 cities, but you have 10 cities and you have anything except coins.
Come.
Anything you have.
Come and put it in except coins.
Beautiful.
Quickly.
take your coins out everybody whatever coins you have lift it up may you have a new job in a gold mine and Jesus name amen or oil ashes receive the offering Jesus name
I've seen many pittas here.
Do you feel that a pita can be on the stage?
You can also be on the stage.
How many of that pita is there?
Say Abideh.
Abideh.
You'll be there.
How many have not even fallen as low as pita?
Somehow you realize that it seemed quite far.
Share the grace, hold somebody's hand.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, the communion, fellowship, contribution, participation of the Holy Spirit, the 25,000 children.
Wait, hold on.
Swelling Sunday, this banner is a bad banner.
It's going away, please.
Our target is 25,000, practically.
Amen.
What do you think?
Can we do it?
Yes.
We can do it practically.
You are great evangelists.
Start again.
The grace of Allah, Jesus Christ, the love of God, the communion, fellowship, contribution,
the participation of the Holy Spirit, the 25,000 children, which includes all the important people for my life and the first love of the Holy Spirit.
We are in us now and for our amen.
Hey, wait.
Let's do it again.
The grace of God, the communion, fellowship, contribution,
participation of the Holy Spirit, the 25,000 children, which includes all the important people for my life and the first love of the Spirit of power, love, and the sound mind.
But when you were doing the Spirit of power and love and the someone I didn't
How are you going to do?
Maybe there should be power, and then what?
Power, love, and the summer.
Three times.
Okay, let's go.
Ready, go.
The grace of our Lord, Jesus Christ.
The love of our Lord, the communion, fellowship, contribution, preservation of our Holy Spirit.
It's 25,000 children.
which includes all the important people for my life and the first love of the spirit of power, love and the sound.
Sound mind is very slow.
Do it again.
Sound mind.
Be with us now and forever more.
Amen.
God bless you.